add set-ip-whitelist option (#347)
crate/croud: CHANGES.rst

- Improved help message for disk size argument in ``clusters deploy``

> - Added ``--set-ip-whitelist`` option to whitelist IP Networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a ``croud clusters set-ip-whitelist`` command to whitelist IP Networks.
```
